Question1:
13104584 + 3334 mod 26 = 18
CRYPTOGRAPHYISINTERESTING
UJQHLGYJSHZQAKAFLWJWKLAFY

Question2:
  a): RPRCTOGT
  b): TPWTORFGHAKWKQHQODOGYDHQBV
  
    The square is:    	
      R P C T O
      G A B D E
      F H I K L
      M N Q S U
      V W X Y Z
      
Question 3:

	1. F(x, key) = x XOR key
		We could use x times brutal attack to reverse this encryption 
	2. We assume this encryption is a RSA encryption 
  		denote y as the ciphered text
  		x = y ^ k3 (mod k2)
  		k3 is k1's modular inverse

Question 4:
	Answer: 2^56/(10^10*2) ~= 41.68 days
 
Question 5:
	Answer: The disadvantage is that A EEE DES structure cannot preserve compatibility with DES; a hardware circuit that implemented 3DES (with EDE) could also be used to do DES as well (by, say, making all three subkeys the same).

if we select the first two subkeys to be the same weak key, the second encrypt with the weak key would exactly undo the first, and the plaintext block will be operated on by the third subkey (which is the DES operation we really want).

Now, if we had a 3DES EEE implementation with three independent subkeys, we could support DES (using the weak key trick), 2 key 3DES (EEE), and 3 key 3DES (EEE). However, that wasn't the only situation they had in mind; they also considered the case where someone implemented 2 key 3DES in hardware (which the first and last subkeys were constrained to be the same). That's one thing EEE mode can't do; we can't use the weak subkey trick with 2 key 3DES (if we make two of the adjacent subkeys the same weak key, then all three subkeys are the same weak key). However, the EDE trick still works.
  
Question 6:
  a). 29*35 (mod 78) = 1

  b). 	5*3485 (mod 5808) = 1
	2266^3485 (mod 5963) = 23

Question 7:

	a):A "normal", brute-force attack on a cryptographic hashing algorithm HH should have a complexity of about 2n for a hash algorithm with an output length of n bits. That means it takes about 2^(n−1) tries on average to find a colliding message y for a given message x so that H(y)=H(x) while y≠x.However, a birthday attack (e.g. both x and y can be selected arbitrarily, but H(x)=H(y) is of course still required) is supposed to be much faster, and take only 2^(n/2) tries to find a collision.
In this case the answer is 2^64 tries.
	b):
The weak collision resistance property is sometimes also referred to as second pre-image resistance:
	Given an arbitrary x there exists no x' with x' != x so that h(x) = h(x')

Strong collision resistance on the other hand is defined as:
	There exist no x and x' with x != x' so that h(x) = h(x')
It requires a hash value at least twice as long as that required for pre-image resistance, otherwise collisions may be found by a birthday attack.

The obvious difference in their definitions is that for weak collision resistance we assume to be bound to a particular choice of x, whereas in the definition of strong collision resistance we are free to arbitrarily choose our x and x'. As the name implies, it is more difficult to achieve strong collision resistance than weak collision resistance.This is because strong collision resistance implies weak collision resistance, yet, having weak collision resistance does not imply strong collision resistance2.
